Block:
Most of the elements that you have learned about so far are block elements. 
In other words, their default style is display: block. 
By default, block elements will appear on the page stacked atop each other, each new element starting on a new line.

Inline:
Inline elements, do not start on a new line. 
They appear in line with whatever elements they are placed beside. 
A clear example of an inline element is a link, or <a> tag. 
If you stick one of these in the middle of a paragraph of text, it will behave like a part of the paragraph. 
(Like this) The link’s text will sit alongside other words in that paragraph. Additionally, padding and 
margin behave differently on inline elements. In general, you do not want to try to put extra padding or 
margin on inline elements.

Block elements take up the full width available, while inline elements only take up the space necessary for 
their content.

Padding:
Padding is used to create space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders. 
With inline elements, padding adds space to the left, right, top, and bottom of the content. 
However, it's important to note that while padding does affect the space around the content, it does not 
affect the layout of other elements around the inline element. This means that horizontal padding 
(left and right) is respected, but vertical padding (top and bottom) does not cause other elements to move away.

Normal Flow Layout:
Elements on a webpage lay out in normal flow if you haven't applied any CSS to change the way they behave. 
You can change how elements behave either by adjusting their position in normal flow or by removing them from it 
altogether. Starting with a solid, well-structured document that's readable in normal flow is the best way to begin 
any webpage. It ensures that your content is readable even if the user's using a very limited browser or a device 
such as a screen reader that reads out the content of the page. In addition, since normal flow is designed to make
 a readable document, by starting in this way you're working with the document rather than struggling against it 
 as you make changes to the layout.